Remove `npx remotion install` documentation (#2171)
remotion-dev/remotion: packages/docs/docs/cli/ffmpeg.md

---
image: /generated/articles-docs-cli-ffmpeg.png
id: ffmpeg
title: ffmpeg
crumb: "@remotion/cli"
---

_available since v4.0_

> In order to use FFmpeg tools without having to directly install it, remotion provides a part of Ffmpegs toolkit via `npx remotion ffmpeg`

Reviewer: Capitalization guideline: Always "Remotion", always "FFmpeg"

> Note that in order to keep the binary size small, we only support the most commonly used codecs, namely h264, h265, vp8, vp9 and prores videos. FFmpeg 6.0 is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in order to keep the binary size small, those FFmpeg binaries only understand the codecs that Remotion itself supports: H.264, H.265, VP8, VP9 and ProRes. 
 
A binary from the 6.0 release line of FFmpeg is used.
```

# Example

Convert a video file to an audio file

```bash
npx remotion ffmpeg -i input.mp4 output.mp3
```

> To find out more about FFmpeg, visit their [docs](https://ffmpeg.org/documentation.html).

Reviewer: Let's add a "See also" section mentioning the `npx remotion ffprobe` command
